Fix&update some broken links (#36505)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/57/index.md

### JavaScript

- The non-standard [`for each...in`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#statements_2) loop, originally part of EcmaScript for XML (E4X), has been removed. Please use {{JSxRef("Statements/for...of", "for...of")}} instead. ([Firefox bug 1083470](https://bugzil.la/1083470)).

> - The `Object.prototype.watch()` and `Object.prototype.unwatch()` methods are deprecated, will now throw a warning when used, and will be removed soon ([Firefox bug 934669](https://bugzil.la/934669)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`Object.prototype.watch()` and `Object.prototype.unwatch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#object_2) methods are deprecated, will now throw a warning when used, and will be removed soon ([Firefox bug 934669](https://bugzil.la/934669)).
```

> - The non-standard {{JSxRef("Iterator")}} and `StopIteration` objects as well as the legacy iteration protocol have been removed ([Firefox bug 1098412](https://bugzil.la/1098412)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The non-standard `Iterator` and `StopIteration` objects as well as the [legacy iteration protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Deprecated_and_obsolete_features#legacy_generator_and_iterator) have been removed ([Firefox bug 1098412](https://bugzil.la/1098412)).
```
